README.md, before:

# Fries

Fries is an awesome mobile prototyping framework for Android apps inspired by [Ratchet]. 
We all know that you can find loads of iOS prototyping tools out there, so this time 
let's give some love to Android.


## Getting Started

Read the [docs] to see it in action.


## Development Roadmap

Fries aims to make prototyping Android apps fast and easy. In the long run, these are 
the following features and components that I think should be added to Fries:

* Modals
* Form Elements
* Shelf (a la Facebook or Path style menu)
* Loading Indicator
* Custom Scroller (iScroll is great but Fries aims to be as close to an Android app as possible)
* Typography
* Holo Light Theme


## Browser Compatibility

Coming soon as Fries is currently being deep fried in most modern mobile browsers.


## Other Notes

Fries uses [Push.js], also from Ratchet, to piece together all pages for the prototype.
You might want to read about it before using Fries.


## Special Thanks

I'd like to thank [Dave Gamache], [Connor Sears], and [Jacob Thornton] for a wonderful job on [Ratchet].
Also, Fries' scroll bars are made using [iScroll 4] by [Matteo Spinelli]. Kudos to you guys.


## License

__The MIT License (MIT)__

Copyright (c) 2013 [Jaune Sarmiento]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


[Ratchet]: http://maker.github.io/ratchet
[Push.js]: http://maker.github.io/ratchet/#push
[Jaune Sarmiento]: http://jaunesarmiento.me
[docs]: http://jaunesarmiento.me/fries
[Dave Gamache]: http://github.com/dhgamache
[Connor Sears]: http://github.com/connors
[Jacob Thornton]: http://github.com/fat
[iScroll 4]: http://cubiq.org/iscroll-4
[Matteo Spinelli]: http://cubiq.org/

[![githalytics.com alpha](https://cruel-carlota.pagodabox.com/5442e4f5cc5951efb12361a41734c6d5 "githalytics.com")](http://githalytics.com/jaunesarmiento/fries)

Commit message:

Update with link to wip-1.0.0 branch

README.md, after:

# Fries

Fries is an awesome mobile prototyping framework for Android apps inspired by [Ratchet]. 
We all know that you can find loads of iOS prototyping tools out there, so this time 
let's give some love to Android.


### Update!

A work in progress [version 1.0.0] is now available. Check out its own branch to
see the changes coming to Fries.


## Getting Started

Read the [docs] to see it in action.


## Development Roadmap

Fries aims to make prototyping Android apps fast and easy. In the long run, these are 
the following features and components that I think should be added to Fries:

* Modals
* Form Elements
* Shelf (a la Facebook or Path style menu)
* Loading Indicator
* Custom Scroller (iScroll is great but Fries aims to be as close to an Android app as possible)
* Typography
* Holo Light Theme


## Browser Compatibility

Coming soon as Fries is currently being deep fried in most modern mobile browsers.


## Other Notes

Fries uses [Push.js], also from Ratchet, to piece together all pages for the prototype.
You might want to read about it before using Fries.


## Special Thanks

I'd like to thank [Dave Gamache], [Connor Sears], and [Jacob Thornton] for a wonderful job on [Ratchet].
Also, Fries' scroll bars are made using [iScroll 4] by [Matteo Spinelli]. Kudos to you guys.


## License

__The MIT License (MIT)__

Copyright (c) 2013 [Jaune Sarmiento]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


[Ratchet]: http://maker.github.io/ratchet
[Push.js]: http://maker.github.io/ratchet/#push
[Jaune Sarmiento]: http://jaunesarmiento.me
[docs]: http://jaunesarmiento.me/fries
[Dave Gamache]: http://github.com/dhgamache
[Connor Sears]: http://github.com/connors
[Jacob Thornton]: http://github.com/fat
[iScroll 4]: http://cubiq.org/iscroll-4
[Matteo Spinelli]: http://cubiq.org/
[version 1.0.0]: https://github.com/jaunesarmiento/fries/tree/wip-1.0.0

[![githalytics.com alpha](https://cruel-carlota.pagodabox.com/5442e4f5cc5951efb12361a41734c6d5 "githalytics.com")](http://githalytics.com/jaunesarmiento/fries)
